Bots can now set activity state (#6345)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

> ## Activity State and Custom Status for Bots
> 
> #### Aug 8, 2023
> 
> Bots can now set the `state` field in the [activity object](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/activity-object), which enables bots to use custom status or display additional data for other activity types.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Activity State for Bot Users

#### Aug 8, 2023

The `state` field in [activity objects](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/activity-object) can now be set when [updating presence](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/update-presence) for a bot user. The value of `state` will appear as a custom status for the bot user when an [activity's `type`](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/activity-object-activity-types) is set to `4`, or as additional data under an activity's name for other activity types.

```

some minor wording edits
